alicantools slurm opp --binary ~/BINARIO_TONHO_7FEB -i Agricola60 -x ~/DefinitiveUGTest/UG_aggLPpatternGen/ParamsFolder/2_aggLP.params                                       
alicantools slurm opp --binary ~/BINARIO_TONHO_7FEB -i Agricola60 -x ~/DefinitiveUGTest/UG_aggLPpatternGen/ParamsFolder/3_aggLP.params                                       
alicantools slurm opp --binary ~/BINARIO_TONHO_7FEB -i Agricola60 -x ~/DefinitiveUGTest/UG_aggLPpatternGen/ParamsFolder/5_aggLP.params                                       
alicantools slurm opp --binary ~/BINARIO_TONHO_7FEB -i Agricola60 -x ~/DefinitiveUGTest/UG_aggLPpatternGen/ParamsFolder/10_aggLP.params                                       
alicantools slurm opp --binary ~/BINARIO_TONHO_7FEB -i Agricola60 -x ~/DefinitiveUGTest/UG_aggLPpatternGen/ParamsFolder/30_aggLP.params                                       
alicantools slurm opp --binary ~/BINARIO_TONHO_7FEB -i Agricola60 -x ~/DefinitiveUGTest/UG_aggLPpatternGen/ParamsFolder/60_aggLP.params                                       
alicantools slurm opp --binary ~/BINARIO_TONHO_7FEB -i Catan10 -x ~/DefinitiveUGTest/UG_aggLPpatternGen/ParamsFolder/2_aggLP.params                                       
alicantools slurm opp --binary ~/BINARIO_TONHO_7FEB -i Catan10 -x ~/DefinitiveUGTest/UG_aggLPpatternGen/ParamsFolder/3_aggLP.params                                       
alicantools slurm opp --binary ~/BINARIO_TONHO_7FEB -i Catan10 -x ~/DefinitiveUGTest/UG_aggLPpatternGen/ParamsFolder/5_aggLP.params                                       
alicantools slurm opp --binary ~/BINARIO_TONHO_7FEB -i Catan10 -x ~/DefinitiveUGTest/UG_aggLPpatternGen/ParamsFolder/10_aggLP.params                                       
alicantools slurm opp --binary ~/BINARIO_TONHO_7FEB -i Catan10 -x ~/DefinitiveUGTest/UG_aggLPpatternGen/ParamsFolder/30_aggLP.params                                       
alicantools slurm opp --binary ~/BINARIO_TONHO_7FEB -i Catan10 -x ~/DefinitiveUGTest/UG_aggLPpatternGen/ParamsFolder/60_aggLP.params                                       
alicantools slurm opp --binary ~/BINARIO_TONHO_7FEB -i Agricola30 -x ~/DefinitiveUGTest/UG_aggLPpatternGen/ParamsFolder/2_aggLP.params                                       
alicantools slurm opp --binary ~/BINARIO_TONHO_7FEB -i Agricola30 -x ~/DefinitiveUGTest/UG_aggLPpatternGen/ParamsFolder/3_aggLP.params                                       
alicantools slurm opp --binary ~/BINARIO_TONHO_7FEB -i Agricola30 -x ~/DefinitiveUGTest/UG_aggLPpatternGen/ParamsFolder/5_aggLP.params                                       
alicantools slurm opp --binary ~/BINARIO_TONHO_7FEB -i Agricola30 -x ~/DefinitiveUGTest/UG_aggLPpatternGen/ParamsFolder/10_aggLP.params                                       
alicantools slurm opp --binary ~/BINARIO_TONHO_7FEB -i Agricola30 -x ~/DefinitiveUGTest/UG_aggLPpatternGen/ParamsFolder/30_aggLP.params                                       
alicantools slurm opp --binary ~/BINARIO_TONHO_7FEB -i Agricola30 -x ~/DefinitiveUGTest/UG_aggLPpatternGen/ParamsFolder/60_aggLP.params                                       
alicantools slurm opp --binary ~/BINARIO_TONHO_7FEB -i Catan5 -x ~/DefinitiveUGTest/UG_aggLPpatternGen/ParamsFolder/2_aggLP.params                                       
alicantools slurm opp --binary ~/BINARIO_TONHO_7FEB -i Catan5 -x ~/DefinitiveUGTest/UG_aggLPpatternGen/ParamsFolder/3_aggLP.params                                       
alicantools slurm opp --binary ~/BINARIO_TONHO_7FEB -i Catan5 -x ~/DefinitiveUGTest/UG_aggLPpatternGen/ParamsFolder/5_aggLP.params                                       
alicantools slurm opp --binary ~/BINARIO_TONHO_7FEB -i Catan5 -x ~/DefinitiveUGTest/UG_aggLPpatternGen/ParamsFolder/10_aggLP.params                                       
alicantools slurm opp --binary ~/BINARIO_TONHO_7FEB -i Catan5 -x ~/DefinitiveUGTest/UG_aggLPpatternGen/ParamsFolder/30_aggLP.params                                       
alicantools slurm opp --binary ~/BINARIO_TONHO_7FEB -i Catan5 -x ~/DefinitiveUGTest/UG_aggLPpatternGen/ParamsFolder/60_aggLP.params                                       
alicantools slurm opp --binary ~/BINARIO_TONHO_7FEB -i Dominion10 -x ~/DefinitiveUGTest/UG_aggLPpatternGen/ParamsFolder/2_aggLP.params                                       
alicantools slurm opp --binary ~/BINARIO_TONHO_7FEB -i Dominion10 -x ~/DefinitiveUGTest/UG_aggLPpatternGen/ParamsFolder/3_aggLP.params                                       
alicantools slurm opp --binary ~/BINARIO_TONHO_7FEB -i Dominion10 -x ~/DefinitiveUGTest/UG_aggLPpatternGen/ParamsFolder/5_aggLP.params                                       
alicantools slurm opp --binary ~/BINARIO_TONHO_7FEB -i Dominion10 -x ~/DefinitiveUGTest/UG_aggLPpatternGen/ParamsFolder/10_aggLP.params                                       
alicantools slurm opp --binary ~/BINARIO_TONHO_7FEB -i Dominion10 -x ~/DefinitiveUGTest/UG_aggLPpatternGen/ParamsFolder/30_aggLP.params                                       
alicantools slurm opp --binary ~/BINARIO_TONHO_7FEB -i Dominion10 -x ~/DefinitiveUGTest/UG_aggLPpatternGen/ParamsFolder/60_aggLP.params                                       
alicantools slurm opp --binary ~/BINARIO_TONHO_7FEB -i Agricola10 -x ~/DefinitiveUGTest/UG_aggLPpatternGen/ParamsFolder/2_aggLP.params                                       
alicantools slurm opp --binary ~/BINARIO_TONHO_7FEB -i Agricola10 -x ~/DefinitiveUGTest/UG_aggLPpatternGen/ParamsFolder/3_aggLP.params                                       
alicantools slurm opp --binary ~/BINARIO_TONHO_7FEB -i Agricola10 -x ~/DefinitiveUGTest/UG_aggLPpatternGen/ParamsFolder/5_aggLP.params                                       
alicantools slurm opp --binary ~/BINARIO_TONHO_7FEB -i Agricola10 -x ~/DefinitiveUGTest/UG_aggLPpatternGen/ParamsFolder/10_aggLP.params                                       
alicantools slurm opp --binary ~/BINARIO_TONHO_7FEB -i Agricola10 -x ~/DefinitiveUGTest/UG_aggLPpatternGen/ParamsFolder/30_aggLP.params                                       
alicantools slurm opp --binary ~/BINARIO_TONHO_7FEB -i Agricola10 -x ~/DefinitiveUGTest/UG_aggLPpatternGen/ParamsFolder/60_aggLP.params                                       
alicantools slurm opp --binary ~/BINARIO_TONHO_7FEB -i Cata3 -x ~/DefinitiveUGTest/UG_aggLPpatternGen/ParamsFolder/2_aggLP.params                                       
alicantools slurm opp --binary ~/BINARIO_TONHO_7FEB -i Cata3 -x ~/DefinitiveUGTest/UG_aggLPpatternGen/ParamsFolder/3_aggLP.params                                       
alicantools slurm opp --binary ~/BINARIO_TONHO_7FEB -i Cata3 -x ~/DefinitiveUGTest/UG_aggLPpatternGen/ParamsFolder/5_aggLP.params                                       
alicantools slurm opp --binary ~/BINARIO_TONHO_7FEB -i Cata3 -x ~/DefinitiveUGTest/UG_aggLPpatternGen/ParamsFolder/10_aggLP.params                                       
alicantools slurm opp --binary ~/BINARIO_TONHO_7FEB -i Cata3 -x ~/DefinitiveUGTest/UG_aggLPpatternGen/ParamsFolder/30_aggLP.params                                       
alicantools slurm opp --binary ~/BINARIO_TONHO_7FEB -i Cata3 -x ~/DefinitiveUGTest/UG_aggLPpatternGen/ParamsFolder/60_aggLP.params                                       
alicantools slurm opp --binary ~/BINARIO_TONHO_7FEB -i Dominion5 -x ~/DefinitiveUGTest/UG_aggLPpatternGen/ParamsFolder/2_aggLP.params                                       
alicantools slurm opp --binary ~/BINARIO_TONHO_7FEB -i Dominion5 -x ~/DefinitiveUGTest/UG_aggLPpatternGen/ParamsFolder/3_aggLP.params                                       
alicantools slurm opp --binary ~/BINARIO_TONHO_7FEB -i Dominion5 -x ~/DefinitiveUGTest/UG_aggLPpatternGen/ParamsFolder/5_aggLP.params                                       
alicantools slurm opp --binary ~/BINARIO_TONHO_7FEB -i Dominion5 -x ~/DefinitiveUGTest/UG_aggLPpatternGen/ParamsFolder/10_aggLP.params                                       
alicantools slurm opp --binary ~/BINARIO_TONHO_7FEB -i Dominion5 -x ~/DefinitiveUGTest/UG_aggLPpatternGen/ParamsFolder/30_aggLP.params                                       
alicantools slurm opp --binary ~/BINARIO_TONHO_7FEB -i Dominion5 -x ~/DefinitiveUGTest/UG_aggLPpatternGen/ParamsFolder/60_aggLP.params                                       
alicantools slurm opp --binary ~/BINARIO_TONHO_7FEB -i Dominion3 -x ~/DefinitiveUGTest/UG_aggLPpatternGen/ParamsFolder/2_aggLP.params                                       
alicantools slurm opp --binary ~/BINARIO_TONHO_7FEB -i Dominion3 -x ~/DefinitiveUGTest/UG_aggLPpatternGen/ParamsFolder/3_aggLP.params                                       
alicantools slurm opp --binary ~/BINARIO_TONHO_7FEB -i Dominion3 -x ~/DefinitiveUGTest/UG_aggLPpatternGen/ParamsFolder/5_aggLP.params                                       
alicantools slurm opp --binary ~/BINARIO_TONHO_7FEB -i Dominion3 -x ~/DefinitiveUGTest/UG_aggLPpatternGen/ParamsFolder/10_aggLP.params                                       
alicantools slurm opp --binary ~/BINARIO_TONHO_7FEB -i Dominion3 -x ~/DefinitiveUGTest/UG_aggLPpatternGen/ParamsFolder/30_aggLP.params                                       
alicantools slurm opp --binary ~/BINARIO_TONHO_7FEB -i Dominion3 -x ~/DefinitiveUGTest/UG_aggLPpatternGen/ParamsFolder/60_aggLP.params                                       
